Hit what does a guy is and what KMAX So now in this video I'm going to be showing you that how can you
create a lead bage and then you can basically get a lot of meals so basically what is elite bage how
it works and why you should go with Lee bage OK.
Let's just come here and let's just look for lead bage examples.
OK.
Lead pages lead page example so you guys already know what what a lead is OK lead means sale OK and
lead bage means that the page that drives you more sales.
OK.
So you basically create a website for your company but you create a lead page for your product in which
you describe the product that way so that the customer who wants to buy your product should buy.
He should not wait a single second should be like No I just want to buy it right now.
It should be like that.
OK.
And if you are creating a lead page then you will receive that you yourself will see that your
sale will be 50 percent increased.
OK.
So let's just go down and let's see that it's a 16 examples of trade landing page to you can see lending
page design.
None of them none of them.
Yes this is the one.
OK.
This is basically called the landing page conversion course like this one.
And if you go down you can see how it is.
If I just go down I can see this is the another lead page like almond take is like generate even more
leads from your blog so you can see I'm turn your blog customers readers into customers.
OK then this is like the page and it's.
Get it now.
And here is the everything so if someone wants to get anything they can just come here or they can just
enter the information and then they're going to get it.
So basically how does this work how you should create lead pages and why you should go with this so
you can see if you have a lead based.
Basically Trust me guys trust me you will receive that your sales will be 50 percent increase because
lead pages work a lot.
You not only get the customers what we say the e-mail but you also get to sell more product so you have
to create a lead bid for that.
So we are going to create a lead Bage.
And now here I am just going to show you how to create so you can see these are just two examples of
the lead pages if you want to get more.
You can just go ahead you can just go to images right now and he should be seeing some of the lead page
example you can see lead pages true pull in he can see lead pages.
This is called The Lead pages lead pages can be like called as the page that drive you the sale.
So we want it we want to get CLV doing everything for business.
If I'm creating course I'm just earning money.
That is what I'm doing.
If you are just creating a Web site you want to earn money.
So whatever we're doing we just want to earn money.
That is why even the people who just create freak free Condren on YouTube they just earn money from
the ads and everything.
So I want to just earn money that is my main thing.
OK.
And if I have a product like if I have an e-commerce based website and I want to create a lead paid
for being paid for that.
So how will they do that.
OK so let's suppose that I am doing a lead page for like on an iPhone or for a software or for something
like that and I want to build a website and inside that I just need a form.
So in that form the person just has to just enter his name his address has his name his last name and
the email address and then he has to just sign up now and then after that we have to that give him the
information that what was that an entrant or and what we are getting basically we are just getting his
e-mail address and he's also buying something from us that is a great thing.
OK.
So let's get started.
First of all what we have to do is that we need to go to WordPress right now and we have to install
WordPress So I'm just going to go ahead and since this is the complete word press corps and I'm doing
everything that relates WordPress to it.
So since this is related to WordPress that is why I am teaching you that and even one of my students
said that certain said that that if you are creating the complete course then you should add that so
I'm just adding this just because it is related to WordPress.
OK so those things that are related to WordPress since this lead page can be build on wordpress.
That is why I'm showing you.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit site title and here I wanted to I want to just add
a site titles and title is going to be lead page example.
OK.
I'm just going to enter my name and I'm here I want to add the password to
I want to hide it
and I'm here I want to enter the password.
Oh sorry that email.
And I want to go ahead and I want to just install WordPress so it should install WordPress in a minute
and I can see the word Press is right here.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to log in.
So if you do not know how to install WordPress then please watch the premise video.
The video that tell you is how to install how to fit a theme or how to work the blog or how to just
build a business website.
So just make sure to go ahead and just see that page and then you will learn how to install WordPress
manually with the database and everything.
So make sure to go ahead and check that out.
So now go ahead and let's just log ourself in the email of the things that we have here right.
So I'm just going to enter the details right now and am just going to lock myself in so you can see
everything is right here and here we just want to create a simple lead based solely because I don't
have the menu.
OK it's just a single page.
You can create a website if you have so many pages.
That is called basically a website.
So there two guys there's a difference between laide page.
There is a difference between the Web site and the lead page Leite page is just a single page.
We don't have many.
We don't have anything.
This is just a page that describes your product so if this is my website OK and I want to create a lead
page on this how will I do this.
WordPress.
So I'm going to show you what you have to do we have to just go to dashboard right now.
OK and then you have to go to the permalink.
Oh so OK we don't want to care about the permalink we don't want to care about anything because it is
not related to dealings anything we just have to care about a theme and a plug in there we're going
to use in this of to just work with that so we don't need any of the team OK.
Yes yes yes yes yes.
We don't need any of the team for that.
OK we don't need the ocean we don't need anything we just need to plug in and that is called the elementary.
OK so we have to just go ahead we have to just like for elementary and then we have to just hit this
OK and now here we have to just install this elementary page builder.
So I want to just install this right now and you can see it is installed.
I'm just going to activate this right now and it should be activated so this is activated.
What I have to do right now I just have to go to the pages and I have to go to all pages so and here
I want to create a page and then I will assign that as the home page.
But first what we have to do is that we need to install the procession of days in order to create delete
pages guys because of the protrusion you cannot go further and you need to protiens.
If you do not know how to get the protrusion then the video that you are watching right now you just
have to open that up.
So here as you can see Tay's resources available you have to just click it and then you have to click
there and you can see that it's going to take you there and here to take your design to the next level.
Make sure you buy it.
You can write for business like for three websites or for personal and interest for one made say OK
so you can buy any of the plan it is for a limited website so you have to just buy it and then you have
to just go ahead into your account.
You have to log yourself and in your account you have to download it so after you have downloaded it
you're happy just upload it.
I'm going to show you how you can upload it.
We'll have to just go to the plug in time to hit add new and then you have to upload plug in.
And then here you have to choose the file so I'm going to choose a file that will be the talk humans
download and it should be elementary.
So this is the one that I have downloaded right now and I'm just going to go with and I'm going to install
now so this is the program and make sure that you.
I just bite my cheeks.
Oh my gawd
so now you have to just go ahead and activate plug in.
OK and I can see that the plug in has been activated to make sure that you don't go go and do that.
OK.
And now what we have to do is that we need to just go and create a page.
Make sure that you don't have any of the page.
OK.
Sorry sorry sorry sorry.
I have to go back.
And now we have to just trash it.
OK.
So make sure you don't have any Bage.
You don't have any post go here and remove all the polls remove everything and do not care.
OK.
And now what we have to do is that we need to go to page and then we have to hit add.
So in here I have to just create a new page and that will be my home page.
And we just have to work with it.
OK.
You have to just go ahead and you have to hit publish right now and then you have to go to the settings.
So here you can see this is the homepage right now.
If I just open this up this is how it is looking.
OK.
If I just open the homepage but I want to assign this page as a homepage I'm just going to go to the
city right now and I get to go to Reading.
And then here I want to go ahead and I want to like this home page and it should be the home page and
I'm going to save changes.
And it should be done.
So if I just come here and I just refreshed this and will see this is how my homepage looks.
OK.
Now here are the main page.
Main thing starts and that is that how are we going to just make it the leading page so for that we
have to just come here and that we have to go to.
Pages and pages.
Let me just close all these down so it doesn't just go make us like confuse.
I'm just going to I'm here.
I mean I'm just remove all this.
OK.
And then here I want to just go ahead and I want to get at it.
So here I just want to add this.
But first what I have to do I have to just click here and it's elementary can loss can mass.
And I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit update make sure that you select it so that it is now
said to elementary canvass.
And now if you just come here and you just view your page you can see this is just it is like it is
looking like this.
So now we have to just come here and we have to just select Edit that elementary and you can see it's
going to take us here.
And then here we're going to design our whole lead page basically.
So now we can design everything we can design anything with that sig and see.
This is like this.
So first of all let's just come here and let's just see how does the lead page looks like so we have
to just not just copy it but we first have to just look at the lead based that how does it look.
Which type of thing we should focus on.
How can we create it.
And so because I just create a website I just look at the other website and I just can just have get
the idea.
So since this is my first experience with the elements we're creating an leading piece that is why I
did not have any of that experience.
So
you can see this is the lead that we can go ahead.
OK.
Just like this.
This is the arrow.
This is like this.
And so you can just create it like a single page with that.
OK.
So
you can also include the pricing table and something like that.
So let's just go ahead and let's just click here and let's just add a title here first so I just want
to go ahead and I want to just add a template so let's see if we have any of the template for that.
So because I'm treating that is so hard for me.
So if you have a nap any you need I'm like that a lead bid for that you just can just go ahead and insert
it.
Or if you have a product so you can just go ahead and you know I was just inserted.
OK.
So this is how it is looking we have fitness home page restaurant
agency
which one to go
OK let's just go ahead and let's design it.
OK.
I mean I think we should design some.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm just going to add this right here and first thing I want to go ahead.
I just need a background image.
So the background image is not the image I need the color so the color is going to be a classic and
I want it to be the blue.
So blue blue I need.
I think it looks pretty cool.
If I just click here you can see this will be right here above.
So now here I just want to add titles.
So the title is going to be a heading basically and that will be like lead page example so you can just
enter this.
You can just enter your thing that you want to add.
So I'm like if I am creating a lead page for the word press complete complete WordPress course complete
word press of course.
OK.
This is like here.
I'm just going to bring it right here.
And so now let's click this and see.
This is right here.
This is complete press corps.
Everything is here.
So first of all what I have to do I have just come here and I have to just select the color for the
color is going to be white.
So this looks pretty cool right now.
OK.
You can also make it bogs if you want to.
How you can do that.
You just have to come here to the content and basically select the whole style.
OK.
And then you have to come here to the content.
So Condon said you can just get up but come here and you have this raid here and the columns gap so
you can also stretch it and you can just pretty well very good at that how you want it to be so you
can see there's a box layout but I don't want it to be the box.
I just want it to be full of it.
OK.
Here it is.
This is just looking OK and everything pretty well looks cool.
So if you wanted to be the box.
I want to show you how you can do that.
So first of all what you have to do is just come here.
You have to just copy this color code.
OK.
How to just copy it and then you have to come here just clear it.
OK and let's him here and let's just skim here into the box and in here we have to just assignats of
it.
So this let's suppose this is it.
And now I have to go to the edit column and now in the column I have to go to the style and I may have
to apply the water color shell in this raid here I can just add the water colors and this will be like
that so you can just make sure that your lead page will be of this size so you can just control the
size that how you want the size to be.
But since I wanted to be the full bitrate now so I'm just going to make it for that I'm just going to
add the header here and this will be applied to this whole section so I'm just going to go I'm here
I'm just going to come here I'm going to taste it.
I'm just going to I'm here and I'm going to paste the code right here so that it matches everything
and it works pretty cool.
OK.
Now we're done with this in the next section.
We can just add a two column row where we can add some headings and then we can add some videos right
here so that we can just manipulate everything.
I'm just going at it right now and I can see two sections are EDID right now.
First thing we want to add would be.
The heading.
OK.
And then here I want to video oranges here should be the video and then here would be heading in that
content so I'll just go ahead and shoot at the video.
So in the video we can just add any of the video.
OK let's just come here and can see this is the video that is already here at this elementary place
holder video.
OK.
This is the video break here.
This is already coming so you can just basically add any video instead of this.
I'm just using this one to just show you how it's going work.
Oh let's just go ahead and let's just go to YouTube to get some video so I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm just going to go in search for explainer videos explainer video animation.
So you have to basically create these explainer videos in order for it to work.
So I just need the short video ever.
That's going to work.
So I'm just glad I'm here.
Let's just go with this one.
This is a business owner advertising in mainstream media will cost you an arm and a leg and you can
opt for cheaper alternatives like printing and distributing flyers.
But it's difficult to measure the performance.
You've heard about new media.
OK.
I'm just I'm here I'm going to copy all this and I'm going to come here and I'm going to paste it right
here.
So let's just get him here.
Let's select all spaced spaced and here you can see this is right here animated explainer video so this
is the explainer video.
Make sure that you have any for you are of course content or for that so you can see it right here and
here I need some content.
And then here I need a call to action are numbered.
And so if someone just enters his information to add then that information will be just giving him a
20 percent discount or something like that so there's that right here.
OK.
And now here I need to add some like the text or something like that.
So first I just want to come here and I want to add a background so for the background and I want to
come here and I want to select the classic And I want to color show the colors that I want right here
is going to be
like green so mostly people do prefer that when you are creating a lead page make sure that you use
green because green as like for success or for something like that so you will be just using up at this
rate here.
So this is just an example you.
You guys now already know that how you can design anything.
So I'm just telling you an example that how lead pages work how.
And what is the reason behind creating a lead page and why we should create it.
So this is right here and now here I want to add one more show.
This would be like a heading here.
And then I want to sail like something like that so this will be like heading and the best it should
be like a best.
They did.
Of course.
So this is right here.
I'm just going to I'm here and here I want to just I need to center.
OK.
I want to go ahead.
I want to just come here and I'm going to change the color of this so there's the color right now.
Let's make it full.
White.
OK.
This is here.
I want to go ahead and I want five stars right below.
So for that I want to just go ahead and I want I like to call them so select the columns right here
and let's just drag it right here so you can see these columns are here.
I want to come here Ellen just to placate.
OK.
Let's just get him here just delete it.
And I want to just go ahead I want to select this and I want to go ahead and I need an icon.
So I want to just bring it right here and you can see this icon is right here.
So this is a star icon.
OK.
I need five star reviews so five star and the color color of the star is going to be white black blue
or yellow or anything that you want to add.
So I want to just change a primary color and it can be like Yellow Black Blue to be yellow.
So it just mass matches this.
OK.
I want to make it full yellow.
This is right here.
What I want to do right now is that I want to go to disarm now or someone bring this Mauser worry that
I need some effects.
OK.
Icon and Holbert So if someone brings a spouse or married then it should turn to crime.
So if so many mouse you can see this is gone.
So this does give a big impact to make sure that you have a little bit of hoovering animation.
So you say to that you're busy.
Feels good.
OK.
And if you say it feels good your client will feel good.
And if your client feels good he will buy a product.
Make sure to just focus on that.
OK.
Now what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go ahead and I want to go ahead and I want to get
colon duplicate can duplicate Tom duplicate.
So you can see that we have five columns right now and this is how it is coming
so you can see how it is looking if I just bring memos where it you can see this is coming or read this
but I just want to come here and I want to chillum just decrease the size of it.
So I want to go ahead.
I want to just change this I use this to be more columns gapping should be like white capping.
OK this is it I think is fine.
OK.
We also want to make sure
extended.
So I think this one the writer looks cool.
So this looks pretty cool.
OK we have the best rated course.
And then we have everything right now so you can see how this is looking.
OK.
Now here I just want to add one more thing.
So it should be like a call to action like get 90 percent off or 20 percent off or 10 percent off or
something like that.
So here I'm just going to come here and I need a button.
OK.
And that button will be sewed for the burden.
I have to crop this so I just want to drag a trumpet grade here.
And the burden should be appearing.
OK.
We're going to drag it right here and you can see it's like me.
So here I need to just slide into center OK.
And I want it to be precise.
This is just good style.
And let's just design this so the background color should be the red
OK.
The background color is red.
And on Hoeber it should do the background color should be removed.
OK.
So if I just bring memos sure you can see that there is no bar colors.
This is looking OK and it looks pretty cool.
I want to just go ahead and I want to give some padding so just give some padding so.
OK.
This is the spelling sorry.
Sorry guys I just want to go ahead.
I want to go to advance and I want to give some margin to the top so it should be 25 pixels so you can
see we have some margin.
OK.
And then we have to come here to the content right here.
And I want to just come here and it should be like click me instead of me.
It should be like GRABBE
line complete work press
for dollar.
OK.
So here you can see this is learn complete WordPress for a hundred dollars.
And if I just come here and I want to make it like extra large you can see a complete WordPress $400
if someone clicks it.
It's going to take us to the down page.
So here in the down section we need that farm sign up for.
OK.
So this here I need a full freight now.
OK and in here I just need a title and this would be the animated title.
So the animated title is going to be like
yes.
So this is right here.
I want to come here and I want to just select it to be like a circle another circle but it should be
like strikethrough.
Now this strikethrough what it should be like.
EX OK.
This is this looks cool.
So when I come here and this should be like this and it should be like dollar hundred three dollar 200.
And here I just want to add the dollar hundreds.
So this is like this so you can just design it the way you want it to be.
OK so you can see.
You can also bring it right here if you want to like it just bring it right above here you can see how
this is going to look.
OK.
I want to come here I want to come here and I just want to get this time right now.
I want to change the color of the shape so the shape color is going to be the red.
So you can see the shape color is not red.
I want it to be in the front so it should just cross it totally.
OK.
And then we have the round edges so you can also round the edges and we have the vet so if you want
to increase the bit you can increase the bit.
So I think this much looks cool.
OK.
And this is like here.
So the headline in the headline we have the text colors so the text color in the headline should be
a full screen.
So since the green is like already green so many changes to be yellow and we can see how crazy it looks.
OK.
$20 $290.
Cities are in complete WordPress forages 200 bucks.
And then we have the meeting.
The meeting starts here.
I want to just add it.
Fill the form below fill the form below to get the access so I'm here.
I just want to add something.
Now today is
you can also add the price table if you want to like on adding the price table.
And if someone just added so if you are selling anything you can also add the price table.
But I just want to add the code so for Dad I just want to create an a list of the email marketing.
OK.
And then here if someone subscribed to that list I also want to send a coupon code for my course that
will give him like 50 percent off and then I will also get his e-mail address so if he just subscribed
to Ed than if you just buy him a course basically if you just buy my course with that link then he will
be like automatically tene taken to the next e-mail address so basically.
Now what we have to do is that we need to.
So you can see everything looks pretty cool.
You can also work with this like if you want to go ahead and you want to add something here or you can
just go to Stylo right now and you get to go to advance section and.
OK.
I want to just go ahead and I want to edit this whole budget so I can also just go with like player
or title and action.
So if I just remove it you can see there would be no player title and action series just this right
here the play button and the YouTube itself.
OK.
So then we have the image overlay if you want to add the image overlay you can also add the image will
look like if you want to add any other image you can do at it.
So if I want to add something like
all let's suppose that I need this image OK.
And I just upload it.
So then after uploading it you'll see this will be here.
So this is right here.
OK.
Let me choose another image.
I'm just going to click select files and I'm going to go to the desktop right now and in here let's
like any other.
So let's suppose that I just want to add this image so I can just add the whole overlay effect.
And then here you can see this image would be here.
So then I can just insert the media so on disinterring it you will see this image will be the background
image and the play button would be coming on that image.
So let's just insert media and see how this image will look so let's see
play icon should be is OK and then we have the Lightbox So if you select this and then we just click
the image you'll see that the image will be like that so you can see this is how this is looking.
We have the play icon as well.
OK.
And then if someone clicks it you can see this is turning into the a business.
So this is how it works.
OK you can pretty well just open this up in a light box as well.
So if someone just opened this up that light box will be popped up onto the screen and then it'll work.
So I'm if I just open this up you can see the light boxes here.
You can pretty well do that as well.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to edit this whole widget again and then I want to go to the Lightbox So here you can
just design that how you want the light box to be how you want it to be the top position the entrance
animation as well.
And then we have the background color and we also have the background OK the background the background.
I want to go ahead in this.
And then we have the border right here.
So you can also give the border that how you wanted the border to be.
So I just wanted to be solid so you can see that a border is right here and in here you can just work
with it.
So you also have your responsiveness you can hide on tablet desktop and everything.
And you also have to customize the SS.
You can see everything looks pretty cool and amazing.
OK so now we're totally done with this.
Now here we want to design this so.
But first let's just come here and let's make it the full that so let's just make it full of it or just
let's just give some padding to the top so I'm just going to give some padding to the top and the bottom.
OK.
I want to come here I want to give some padding and in here I want to give 100 trouting to the bottom.
So this is like this.
OK.
This is like this.
It looks pretty cool.
I want to come here I want to change the style of the headings so I want to Stern on the topography
and here I wanted to be the families to be open and
and here is your telescope.
OK.
And I want to wait to be 100.
So it should be just like that.
And just increase the size so it is best rated course so it is learn the complete word press for $10.
And this is the promo video that you can this add on the explainer video.
And in here we want to give some first of all we have to just dumb give the ID this idea so it should
be like hash tag go.
OK sorry hash go.
OK.
And in here I want to just add the link so it should be hash goes.
If someone places then he should be taken down.
And here we want to add some stuff so you can add it like I'm pretty well a counter here.
OK.
That means like
grab and grab this for now.
OK.
So you can see this is our lead page and no one will ever tell you that this is just created with the
word press guys seriously.
This will look like that.
This is HVM I us for Bazan no one can actually just get it like this is WordPress based but we can design
anything with guys seriously.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to make it Center and I want it to be the style so style is going to be it should be a black
color.
OK.
And we can also choose it to be the blue color purple.
So it totally depends.
But I just want to go with the black color and I want the typography.
So let's just hit typography on and let's increase the size.
OK.
And I want to give some different type of funds here so the fun here that I want should be Arsenal
atomic age
this looks kind of cool.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to select this one.
OK so this is crabbiness over.
Now what I want to do right now I just want to go ahead.
I want to just like this.
This one and I want to go to the advance and in advance I want to give some padding so the batting should
be in here and it should be like I want to give 50 50 batting to the top so I'm going to go ahead and
I'm just going to click here and I can see this is how our page looks so it is crap.
This offer now in best rated course learn how to learn complete WordPress for just this.
And now here what I want I need a counter's So the counter would be like this offer is just for like
10 days 20 days or something like that so the countdown.
So the countdown is right here and it should be like this offer is for like
one day.
OK.
If I just select it.
And I just selected this offer will be closed here.
So let's just come here.
I can see this is one days 11 10 hours 17 minutes.
Yes.
So you can just change the background color as well.
OK you can change the size of this.
You can change the look of this.
You can also make it in line.
OK.
I'm going to make it block and then here I want to change the style of this so I want the boxes colors
to be transparent and I want to hear in the content it should be read.
Let's just make it full.
It should be read
and there should be creme giganteum one days 11 minutes in this lunch she can see how this is looking.
OK.
Now here below I just want to just add the form and the form so that if someone clicks there have someone
closer than the Pridden Beeville send him a coupon to our course you can see this is the perfect pleade
page example that I have created.
And make sure that you keep your lead page as simple as you can because if it is simple you're going
to get Marcell.
So now here below I will just add a form so then anyone will fill up that form and I will send him a
discount code for my course for 50 percent.
So in the next video we'll be working up at that stadium guys and by.